Update best-practices.md (#122265)
Azure/azure-content: articles/ai-services/language-service/conversational-language-understanding/concepts/best-practices.md

"targetResourceRegion": "<target-region>" 
}'
```

> ## Addressing Out of Domain utterances

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Addressing out of domain utterances
```

```console
curl --location 'https://<your-resource>.cognitiveservices.azure.com/language/authoring/analyze-conversations/projects/<your-project>/:train?api-version=2022-10-01-preview' \
--header 'Ocp-Apim-Subscription-Key: <your subscription key>' \
--header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
--data '{
      "modelLabel": "<modelLabel>",
      "trainingMode": "advanced",
      "trainingConfigVersion": "2024-06-01-preview",
      "evaluationOptions": {
            "kind": "percentage",
            "testingSplitPercentage": 0,
            "trainingSplitPercentage": 100
      }
}
```

Once the request is sent, you can track the progress of the training job in Language Studio as usual.

Caveats:
- The None Score threshold for the app (confidence threshold below which the topIntent is marked as None) when using this recipe should be set to 0. This is because this new recipe attributes a certain portion of the in domain probabiliities to out of domain so that the model is not incorrectly overconfident about in domain utterances. As a result, users may see slightly reduced confidence scores for in domain utterances as compared to the prod recipe.

> - This recipe is not recommended for apps with just 2 intents, eg: IntentA and None.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This recipe is not recommended for apps with just two (2) intents, such as IntentA and None, for example.
```
